(light music)
(bluesy acoustic guitar music)
♪ Honey never spoke to me ♪
♪ She's a live wild fire ♪
♪ Living in the city ♪
♪ She's pretty and
cute as can be ♪
♪ From the backstreet
of my hotel ♪
♪ Dancing out some moves ♪
♪ And I said why'd
ya never talk to me ♪
♪ Yeah she's playing
with my heart ♪
♪ And I'm trying to
play it cool yeah ♪
♪ Why'd you never talk to me ♪
♪ She's a live wild fire ♪
♪ Living in the city ♪
♪ Singing ooh la oooh la ♪
♪ No money in my pocket ♪
♪ Nothings gonna
stop this feeling ♪
♪ Ohh la ooh la ♪
♪ I know you know it's coming ♪
♪ We both know that's
it's really something ♪
♪ Ooh la oooh la ♪
♪ No money in my pocket ♪
♪ Nothings gonna
stop this feeling ♪
♪ Ohh la ooh la ♪
♪ I know you know it's coming ♪
♪ Babe try to stop me ♪
♪ Why ♪
♪ Why you looking oh at me ♪
Make the right offer, Gray.
Before this turns
into a bidding war.
Okay Jack.
How did you get her?
Dean hasn't exhibited for years.
What did you say?
Trade secrets,
Marie, trade secrets.
Well perhaps you could work
your magic on your father.
I'd love to know
what he's doing.
Wouldn't we all?
Ruth.
I thought we agreed you
weren't coming tonight.
I hate to tell you what a
great job you're doing here.
Yeah I think we've
done pretty well.
You should enjoy it.
Really enjoy it.
Because it's over.
Sorry, what?
My family is selling
the gallery, Jack.
What did you think, Jack?
You'll just carry on managing
the gallery indefinitely?
We are divorced.
At least we will be when
you sign the papers.
This gallery is my home, Ruth.
I've put everything into it.
Everything except money.
Okay.
I'll buy the gallery.
(chuckling) Did you
win the lottery?
I could maybe sell
the old Italian house
with my dad.
The deserted barn no
one's allowed to mention,
let alone visit?
Your dad's a selfish prick
who's never even
been to your gallery.
He'll never sell that
place and you know it.
Stick to the lottery plan, Jack.
I'll give you a month.
♪ Ooh la ooh la ♪
♪ No money in my pocket ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
stop this feeling ♪
Robert Foster here.
You know what to do.
Dad, me again.
I'm on my way,
I'll be 20 minutes.
Please be ready to go.
We're on a tight schedule
to make the train to Cali.
♪ Oh there's no
point going over ♪
♪ And talking about yesterday ♪
♪ 'Coz when your
head is lonesome ♪
♪ You can throw it all away ♪
♪ Ive been down to the bottom ♪
♪ And I ain't going back ♪
♪ My heart is here to stay ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
(sighing)
Hello?
Where's your stuff?
I travel light.
You're not packed, are you?
I thought it was tomorrow.
You could at least have called
or left a message.
Hey Robbie.
Have you seen my jacket?
Oh.
Hi.
Yeah, Jessica, this is
my son, actually, Jack.
Jack, this is Jessica.
Hi, Jessica.
Fuck you.
Jessica.
Jennifer?
Jennifer, Jennifer, shit.
Okay, tea.
I'll make the tea.
You go pack.
(cars honking)
Are you gonna read
the whole way there?
The Dover road is famously
the most boring drive
in the British Isles.
Ask anyone.
So you're not gonna
talk to me then.
What would you
like to talk about?
I don't know, the
usual father-son stuff?
What are your views
on Hentai manga?
Do you see it as
art or pornography?
I meant like how's work.
Oh, I see, an off
the peg conversation.
Ah, how's work?
Forget it, read your book.
No, no, this is starting
to get really good.
Are you eating well?
Did you see the game last night?
What game?
You know, the one with the ball.
How's Ruth?
She's great.
Sends you her love.
Terrific.
(light music)
Okay, what's bugging you?
Spit it out.
I'm worried the house
won't be the way
you remember it.
Why not?
You haven't been back
since you were seven.
I mean the walls, for example.
The walls haven't been
painted in decades.
That's an easy fix.
The grounds might need tending.
Look, I'm not expecting Xanadu.
We just cheer the place
up a bit and get it sold.
Why the rush?
I don't hear from
you for months,
and then this sudden need
to sell the Tuscan house
by last Tuesday.
The house that's been
basically empty for 20 years?
Look on the bright side.
You'll be home on
Saturday with a big check
and you can blow
your half picking up
stray women in bars.
Don't make assumptions
about my current lifestyle
based on Jessica.
Jennifer.
Jennifer, fuck.
Jack.
My point is we
should take a moment.
Look.
Ruth and I decided to buy
the gallery from her parents.
So yeah, that's why I
need the money, okay?
(car starting)
(light guitar music)
(song in foreign language)
Flying dinosaur, 11.
Is it, I don't know,
why don't you ever
drive-a-saurus?
It's never 11 letters.
How about a game of I spy?
(Jack sighing)
I spy with my little eye
something beginning with Q.
(crickets chirping)
(keys clinking)
Let me try.
(banging)
(door creaking)
(slamming)
Oh my god.
I'm gonna wake up in a minute.
Things always look
worse in the dark.
What the fuck is that?
I'll leave you to it.
(somber music)
(sighing)
(birds chirping)
(uplifting music)
(faucet creaking)
(pipes vibrating)
(splashing)
(Jack exclaiming)
(critter snarling)
Huh!?
(rattling)
(Robert sighing)
Pass me the knifey bit.
At least the view's quite good.
That's what you're calling
one of the most spectacular
convergences of nature ever?
The view?
You haven't even looked at it.
Two cypress trees
frame the compositions
subconsciously
propelling the eye
across the negative space
toward the focal point
of the perfectly central villa,
all unified by these magnificent
undulating Tuscany hills.
Late afternoon, remember.
The way the light
hits those windows
takes your breath away.
No, that's the dust doing that.
I mean how could you
let it go like this?
(car honking)
Oh an interruption,
what a shame.
Must be the estate agent.
Damn, she's early.
We'll mark the view as a 10
but the potholes down that
drive are a serious drawback.
I may have whiplash.
One of you is Jack?
I'm Jack.
Kate Lewis.
Jack.
Sorry, I've said that.
Robert.
Hello.
Now, let's see
what we have here.
Not perhaps the best
first impression.
Things can only get better.
Front door?
Ah...
Well I don't even
know what to say
about this whole situation.
Do you know Frank Swine?
Should I?
That is my homage to his style.
You painted it?
I see.
(banging in distance)
(toilet flushing)
There's a large
hole in your roof.
Yes, but it's got great bones.
Don't you think Kate?
Or you prefer Katie?
Just Kate, plain Kate.
A bonny Kate.
And sometimes Kate the cursed,
but Kate, the prettiest
Kate in Christendom.
From the Taming of the,
The shrew?
By Shakespeare.
Do you think we can
make a quick sale, Kate?
Well that depends.
On?
On whether you hope
to make a profit.
Tuscany is a romantic idyll.
It's why all my
clients come here.
If I were to bring them to
this house in this state
they will say to me,
"Kate, you promised me a dream.
"A dream orchestrated by Puccini
"in which my worries
would just float off
"into the infinity pool.
"But instead you have
delivered me a building site
"whose walls seem to have
been painted by Mussolini."
Having said all that,
if you put your backs into it
I don't see why you
couldn't turn this around.
In the plus column, your
plumbing seems to work.
People care about that.
And I like, as you
say, its bones.
(birds chirping)
I wouldn't if I were you.
It's about to rain.
(thunder booming)
(melancholy music)
(banging)
(sighing)
(birds chirping)
I wouldn't go on the
bathroom for a while
if I were you.
There's a large
weasel in the sink.
That's not a euphemism.
No, we'll get what we can
for the house, isn't it?
It'll be fuck all.
But this is
impossible on my own.
Or we could keep it.
Except the weasel.
They're too friendly
for my liking.
Listen, we are going
to sell this house
one way or another.
Get on board with that.
Where are you going?
I've got a gallery to buy.
(door slamming)
(revving)
(phone ringing)
Jack, what do you want?
Ruth.
I just wanted you
to know I'm in Italy
and I persuaded my
dad to sell the house.
So?
So it means I can
buy the gallery.
Sorry, you were
actually being serious.
It's on the market, it's
already been in trust.
You said I had a month.
(melancholy guitar music)
(crashing)
Do you need some help
knocking the others over?
(birds chirping)
(chain clinking)
(light music)
Are you always this busy?
Mondays I'm closed.
So.
Where did you learn
to speak English?
Bugs Bunny.
Huh?
In Italian schools,
kids are forced
to watch cartoons
for five hours a day
just to learn English.
Really?
Mhmm.
It's the laws.
I had no idea.
That's actually pretty cool.
Of course not.
I lived in England for a year.
I worked in a restaurant there.
And you, you're on holiday?
Oh, no, no, I wish.
I'm actually here to
sell an old family house.
I see, where?
It's out of town towards Pienza.
Oh my gosh.
This is amazing.
I know.
Is your house near
the deserted house?
It's probably the same one.
With the beautiful lake?
Mhmm.
I love that house.
Really?
You wanna buy it?
Well, I can only pay
you with risotto.
How many bowls do
you want for it?
Three should do it.
And I want a nice bottle of red.
You obviously don't understand
how good this risotto is.
Okay, fine.
Two bottles.
They have to be big ones.
I haven't even seen what
it looks like inside.
(coughing) Well, that's
the main selling point.
(light music)
Thank you for the
really lovely food.
(Woman speaks in
foreign language)
You know you're lucky
to have that house.
So pretty.
No.
It needs a ton of work.
This took me five years to fix.
But now.
Five years?
I don't even have five weeks.
Anyway.
(Woman speaks in
foreign language)
Jack.
Natalia.
(speaks in foreign
language) Natalia.
(light somber music)
When I first saw this house,
you can't imagine
how stunning it was.
I've been thinking.
It deserves to have
its history honored.
Well, whatever we do,
I need to do it quick.
Right.
Start tomorrow then?
Properly?
This place has not
changed at all.
Good, okay.
I've divided the jobs up
into the ones we can do
and ones we need
professionals for.
Maybe Kate will
know some workmen.
What do you think?
Dad?
Did you ever see this film?
No.
I say we do the painting
ourselves, downstairs first
then we hit the bedrooms.
Or maybe we just,
are you listening at all?
I'm multitasking.
Uh huh.
What did I say then?
You said something
fascinating about painting.
Anyway, you're getting
way ahead of yourself.
We've got a far bigger
problem on our hands.
So?
Just a minute.
Okay, let me look then.
It's still there.
Okay, well what's the plan?
Make it jump out the window.
How are we supposed to do that?
One, two, three, war.
What?
It's a classic technique, Jack.
Tried and tested.
One, two, three?
War!
Let me get this straight.
You're saying we
charge the weasel
and hope it commits suicide?
Out the window.
The window isn't even open!
You have a better idea?
Wiseli.
Ferret.
Feratu, feratu.
No, no, no (speaks in
foreign language) (growling)
It's like a rat but,
It's big.
Good teeth.
The size of a baguette,
like a rat baguette.
(light music in
foreign language)
Rough translation.
Very doable.
Again and I'm paraphrasing here.
Not a problem.
(men chattering)
Great news, couldn't be better?
You're a fast learner.
(drill whirring)
(rasping)
(machinery whirring)
(saw rasping)
Dad?
Do you want to take a picture
of the mural or something?
Do I what?
Well, we're gonna
have to paint over it.
I just wondered if
you wanted a memento.
You're planning on removing
one of my paintings?
It's just to give the buyers
half a chance of
being practical.
Why?
Are you expecting
them to be as blind
to the beauty of
contemporary art as you?
Look, obviously it's not
without artistic merit.
Not without artistic merit?
Is that your
professional opinion?
What's that supposed to mean?
Those who can, do, Jack.
Those who can't run
their wife's gallery.
Wait a minute!
If you're so bloody can-do,
where are your paintings huh?
You haven't done
anything in forever.
Not true.
In the last five years,
I've completed several
paintings actually.
I'm warning you, Jack.
You touch that wall and
I will not be responsible
for the consequences.
I will not lift another
finger around here!
What's going on in there?
Wow.
Don't dare patronize me.
The ones you finished
as good as this?
They're terrible.
I don't know if I'd
incinerate them.
(birds chirping)
No, no, I've had enough of this.
We're in Italy.
The least we can do
is have a decent meal.
(crowd chattering
in foreign language)
(light music)
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
Now this is more like it.
Tonight, they screen
a movie in the square,
always very popular.
But first, everyone
comes for dinner.
(speaks in foreign
language) I'm Natalia.
Shit.
Robert, I'm honored.
Sorry.
My dad.
Roberto.
It looks like you're full.
We'll find room.
(jazzy blues music)
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Okay.
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(guests speaks in
Excuse my family,
they're celebrating.
Oh, your family?
Yes, it's my brother
in law's birthday.
(man speaks in foreign language)
That's my sister, Clara.
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(Robert speaks in
Oh my god, this is amazing.
(guests chanting in
foreign language)
(guests applauding and laughing)
Probably on a Tinder date.
On a what?
Tinder.
You know what Tinder is.
It's an app. You
know what an app is.
Yeah, I know what a
bloody app is, Jack.
Okay, well, Tinder's
a sort of dating app.
On a computer?
No, it's an app,
it's on your phone.
On your phone?
Yes, it's an app.
Just stop saying it's
some fucking app.
Well it is.
Ugh, I despair.
What happened to dancing?
The well timed drink?
The miracle of a
chance encounter?
Well now, they've
got this algorithm
that replaces chance
with probability
so you're less likely
to be disappointed.
Oh, bullshit.
Disappointment is an
absolute certainty.
Everyone lets everyone
down at some point.
How you come back from
that, that's romance.
(man speaks in foreign language)
(crashing)
(speaks in foreign language)
(Robert speaks in
foreign language)
(man speaks in foreign language)
Roberto.
Okay.
Oh, are you English?
(Roberto speaks in
foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
Marzio.
Natalia.
(speaks in foreign language)
(scoffing)
(man speaks in foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
(guests chattering)
(light guitar music)
(kids laughing)
(laughing)
(speaks in foreign language)
(man speaks in foreign language)
Maybe so.
Maybe so. (laughing)
Excuse me.
Natalia has told me
about your (speaks
in foreign language).
(Robert speaks in
foreign language)
I am very old but I remember
the family that
owned that house.
Their name was,
Pazzini.
That was my wife's family.
You?
You married the Pazzini girl?
(Robert speaks in
foreign language)
Wonderful.
(woman speaks in
foreign language)
(gentle emotional music)
(speaks in foreign language)
(somber music)
Amazing view.
Did you like the film?
I couldn't understand any of it.
And half of me is from here.
I heard about your mother, Jack.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I must have been able to
speak some Italian once.
Can't remember anything.
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
You repeat.
(Jack speaks in
foreign language)
(Natalia speaks in
(Jack speaks in
foreign language)
(Natalia speaks in
(Jack speaks in
foreign language)
Amazing view.
Hey, you two!
This man has a
birthday to celebrate.
Come on!
(laughing)
(man singing in
foreign language)
(revving)
Woo!
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(Luigi speaks in
Wow, this is such a rare Vespa!
Guys, who did this?!
Guilty.
No guilty, you are (speaks
in foreign language).
Luigi.
How the hell did you
get that thing going?
(revving)
(light bright music)
(woman singing in
foreign language)
(camera clicking)
Ooh.
Very dramatic.
And you have all the whiskey.
Who's this?
That's my daughter, Anna.
She's eight.
And a quarter.
Don't forget the quarter.
She looks just like you.
Here.
This is?
Her father.
The guy from the restaurant?
He's my ex-husband.
I fight and win the divorce,
I fight to save my baby.
She's the only thing
that matters, but,
I lose.
Because he lied about me.
So I only got her half the time
and some holidays.
God I'm so sorry, Natalia.
We have very good holidays.
(scooter revving)
Natalia!
Luigi!
(Luigi speaks in
foreign language)
This is really fun!
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Hey!
This is good.
Nah, it's okay.
No, no, no, no.
I mean, this is pretty.
Thank you.
It's beautiful!
Like me, ah.
It's pretty wonderful.
Luigi!
Wait, wait.
Excuse us.
Stay down.
Ah, no Roberto no,
please, please.
Don't move, I work fast.
Have you painted many port--
Shh.
Can I see it?
Okay.
But remember, you'll hate it.
People, they're no good
at seeing themselves.
Okay, I'm ready.
(laughing)
Once you get the eyes,
you're basically there.
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Roberto, where did you
get this amazing bike?
My wife found it, I think.
Why do you always do that?
What?
If you ever referred to Mum
which is practically never,
why is it always my
wife, your mother?
Why do you never use her name?
She's called Raffaella.
Yeah, okay, Raffaella.
And why is that bike
all that's left of her
in this whole house?
I mean that's weird, isn't it?
It's like she didn't exist!
I think you've had too
much to drink, Jack.
If you cared about her at all,
why would you let
her house fall apart?
Jack, we have guests.
Of course, guests.
Sorry I can't do the
Foster charm to order.
I'll leave that to you.
Jack?
Wait.
You know, we didn't
have one conversation
about Mum after she died.
Not one.
He never even
mentioned her death.
He just, he told
me about how I had
to become a man now.
Which is a fucking joke
because what does he
know about being a man?
I really tried to
be a man for him.
I didn't cry at the funeral.
I was so proud of that.
I look at seven year olds now
and half of them cry when
they drop an ice cream.
But I didn't cry.
I don't think I
know how to grieve.
(somber music)
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Wait.
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(Marzio speaks in
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
(Marzio speaks in
Natalia?
No, it's fine.
I just, it's fine.
(somber music)
(scraping)
(phone ringing)
This is Ruth,
leave me a message.
Ruth, it's Jack.
Listen, please don't sell
the gallery to anyone else.
I'm serious about buying it.
Just don't do anything hasty.
Please.
(sighing)
(birds chirping)
(exclaiming)
(thudding)
(breathing heavily)
There are some very
powerful lay lines here.
Can you feel them?
Tuscany is very creative.
Michelangelo, Rafael, Da Vinci.
Mr. Foster here.
They all feel it.
Of course.
(sniffing)
Oh god.
Don't touch the counter.
It's still...
White spirit.
Stop, you're just
making it worse.
This black mark is a sign.
You can see that,
can't you, Kate?
You know black is for
fear, for darkness.
Right across my vagina.
Have you ever read
Interiors magazine?
Um...
I thought not.
If your creativity's
reach is only as far
as toping large splashes of
misery over your surfaces,
may I suggest you
enlist some outside help
to guide you towards something
more commercially advantageous?
(birds chirping)
(car revving)
You know, I looked you up.
I Googled you.
Robert Foster.
You were so good and successful
and then poof, you disappeared.
Well, I'm very flattered
you looked me up.
Listen, I need to
ask you something.
You did such an amazing
job with the interior
of your restaurant.
I was wondering if you
could give us some hints
about decorating our house.
Are you serious?
I know exactly
what we should do.
But I've been wanting
to ask you something.
Why are you selling it?
Jack is.
Jack owns the house?
We own half each.
But Jack's memories
of the house are
maybe not so good.
That's why I sent him
to boarding school.
You sent him away from you?
I just,
I didn't want him surrounded by
reminders of his
mother, like me.
And it's harder
when you can't ask
your best friend what to do.
You know, he was
actually happy here once.
I made him this swing
down by the lake.
Just an old tire and a rope.
God, he loved that thing.
I have an idea.
Why don't you
drive us into town?
It's a really fun car.
I don't drive.
I just don't.
After what happened, because
of the circumstances,
I couldn't drive Jack.
I couldn't drive
and couldn't paint.
(grinder whirring)
Oy!
We've got guests.
I've called in the cavalry.
New color scheme.
It's gonna look amazing!
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Hi.
(speaks in foreign language)
She says your hair is all white.
(Natalia laughing)
Anna likes painting.
Elephants mainly.
(cute music)
Anna!
Anna (speaks in
foreign language)
Look at you both.
This is terrible.
(laughing)
Ana (speaks in foreign language)
We have to thank you.
You should be our
first dinner guest
when we finish painting.
Tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night?
It's just a bit of paint, Jack.
No one ever wants
to cook for a cook.
I know my way around
a sun kissed tomato.
Never doubt an artist
when he wants to create.
(speaks in foreign language)
And then you can tell me
the end of your
mountain climbing story.
(speaks in foreign language)
(Robert speaks in
foreign language)
I know my way around
a sun kissed tomato?
What?
You can't even boil an egg.
And what's this mountain
climbing bullshit?
Well I went on a very
good walk near Chamonix.
No, seriously.
It took all afternoon.
Right, you lazy ass.
Come on, time waits for no man.
Idle hands and all
that, chop chop.
(birds chirping)
(door chime dinging)
(shopkeeper speaks
in foreign language)
Hi.
Do you speak English?
(speaks in foreign
language) a little.
Okay, great.
So I need to cook a meal
and it's for this
pretty amazing girl
and she's a really good cook
so I need to make
something great
and I can't cook.
I have a son too, I understand.
Don't worry.
Where have you been?
She's gonna be
here in 30 minutes.
What are you gonna
do about food?
I can't give her
cheese on toast.
She's a bloody chef!
Keep your hair on.
The woman at the deli said
this ragu's restaurant quality
made specifically for her shop.
(operatic song in
foreign language)
(speaks in foreign language)
Pff.
Pssh. (chuckling)
But what's your secret?
How did you do the onions?
The onions?
Mhmm.
That's a very good question.
I always think, the
secret with onions is to,
I'm not good with
those cheffy terms
you hear on TV.
Jack, what do you call it?
Oh, the--
It's on the tip of my tongue.
Stirring.
No.
Reduction.
Yeah.
Yes.
That's the one we reduce.
And you have to stir it a lot.
You're dead without
the stirring.
There's a technique.
Clockwise, anti-clockwise.
Simmering and stirring
and reduction.
It's an old family recipe.
Oh, it's your family recipe?
Well...
Maybe more like the recipe of
the lady who runs the shop
that I bought it from.
Right.
You've tasted this ragu before?
I make it for her. (laughing)
(Jack chuckling)
Oh God.
(crickets chirping)
It's so peaceful here.
This lake's the only
thing I remember
about this plac.e
There used to be this old
swing just over there.
Over there?
Your father told me about it,
how he made it for you.
Oh he didn't make it.
I think it was just there.
Well, until it broke.
This swing?
How the hell?
I dare you.
What?
Ha, you're scared.
I'm not scared.
Do you want, you're daring
me to swing on this?
Whoah!
(splashing)
Jack?
Okay.
Jack, are you okay? (laughing)
Oh you laughing at me, huh?
Here, give me a hand up.
No, no!
(splashing)
(light music)
(laughing)
I was in agony.
My life had just been destroyed.
I needed to do
something with the pain.
I just moved to Italy.
My husband told me for years
he didn't want children
until it was too late for me.
Then he got his
secretary pregnant.
So I upped the stakes and
started again out here.
Except, you never
really can start again.
No.
You can't.
Well, Mr. Foster.
Robert, come on.
Robert.
I salute you.
I suspect we're going to
make a comfortable sale here.
Bravo.
Great bones.
(birds chirping)
(electronic dance music)
(man sighing)
(camera clicking)
Yeah yeah yeah.
This is ticking a
lot of boxes for me.
Talk me through the
plumbing situation.
It works.
Pipes in these, too
much can be a bitch.
Southwest facing, huh?
It is.
And the pool gets the
light all day long.
Let's check out these acoustics.
(vocalizing)
Yeah, let's do it.
Do what?
I love it, I love it.
Shouldn't we at least
look at the other places?
Yeah see, that's why I love you.
You keep me grounded.
How many more
places on the list?
Um, three, I believe.
Let's crack on then.
(speaks in foreign language)
(revving)
What a dick.
Still, it looks like
you have a sale.
Did you change your mind?
No, I need to sell it.
Why?
Well.
I should have told you.
I'm getting a divorce.
We've been separated
for a while.
She's taken everything.
(somber music)
I know how that feels.
I managed her parent's
art gallery for her.
That's how we met.
And we were just too young to
you know?
I was really good at that job.
And now they're
selling the place so
I'm gonna use the
money to buy it back.
It's just, I can't follow
in Dad's footsteps.
You know, he's so charming
and easy and talented.
I can't paint like him.
But I can make real
success out of the gallery.
You want to impress
him, of course.
He never even came
to the gallery.
He thinks I'm a failure.
Really?
Did you ask him?
(door creaking)
(somber music)
My whole childhood's
in this room.
I wanted to tell you, but--
But what?
I was afraid of how
you would take it.
It's like you literally
locked up all of my memories.
Yes, I think that's
exactly what I did.
I...
tried to find the fastest way
for you to be out of pain.
You never let me in.
You never fucking let me in!
You never talked to me!
Why?
Why do you never talk to me?!
Why do you hide this from me?
No!
Jack.
Get off me!
Get your hands off me!
No, no.
No.
I'm sorry.
She had very elegant wrists.
Do you remember?
No.
I don't remember anything.
When the hospital called
after the car crash,
there was this Italian
consultant on the line
trying to explain
what had happened.
But he was speaking so fast
I thought you were dead.
And I thought I
had lost you both.
The despair of finding out
that Raffaella was dead
and the relief that you weren't,
you'd think that
those two emotions
couldn't exist simultaneously.
But they can.
Do you think about her much?
I think about her every day.
You can't remember
and I can't forget.
Just stopped trying in the end.
Is that weird?
(laughing) You loved watching
Italian quiz shows together.
Did we?
It was the host's
ridiculous hair.
You both thought
it was hilarious.
You'd spend ages in the bath
making it with
shampoo. (laughing)
She loved it when you did that.
I remember she was
really angry with me
before we got in the car.
It's almost my
only memory of her.
She was shouting at me.
I don't know why.
(Robert sobbing)
Dad?
Oh fuck, I'm so sorry.
What?
I was losing the light.
What's the matter?
I was supposed to
be looking after you
down by the lake.
You were on your swing
and I was painting.
The next thing I know Raffie
ran down from the house.
Someone had called from town.
You had walked all
the way to your school
and I hadn't even
noticed you were gone.
I was so wrapped up painting!
And I should have
driven to get you.
But you were losing the light.
I was supposed to
be in that car!
Oh God, I'm so sorry, Jack.
You've lost your mother
and it's my fault!
(somber music)
Ruth left me.
We're getting a divorce.
Oh, thank God.
What?
I've been pretty
sure for months, but,
(sighing) what a relief.
Wait, you knew?
What did I always tell you?
Don't even think about marriage
until you're
at least 35.
We guys don't have a clue
who we are before that.
Wait, how old were you and Mum
before you guys got married?
29, but that was a
different situation.
(Jack chuckling)
(bell tolling in distance)
(light music)
(Natalia speaks in
foreign language)
Well, it's your lucky day.
I'm going full asking.
Let's close this quick though,
that's my condition.
Katie here says that--
Kate.
Come again?
Her name is Kate, not Katie.
Got you, so Kate says
that works for you.
Job done, everyone's happy.
Darling, you know
it's so musty in here.
Let's make this wall
a glass one, shall we?
Yeah, yeah that's
a great idea, babe.
Obviously this
piece of shit goes.
Right.
Looks like Mr. Angry painted it.
(both laughing)
You should know that
what I'm about to say
is not just because of how
dismissive you have been
of such a beautiful house
or indeed my craft as a painter.
Although, let's face
it, that didn't help.
There is nothing musty
about this space.
And it wouldn't be improved
by either a glass wall
or you living in it.
Sale's off, time to go.
What I'm trying to say is
get the fuck out of my house.
Robert, please.
Sorry.
Get the fuck out of
my house, please.
Very robust language.
Extremely vigorous.
Well.
Fuck 'em.
What just happened?
Well you should have
heard the prick.
I will not sell this house
to a couple of
culture thugs, Jack.
That's why we're here,
to sell the house.
And you're arguing the
toss over a bloody wall
you'll never see again.
Listen, I just thought that--
You thought what?
That one conversation
would change everything?
That I'd suddenly forget
the last 15 years?
No.
I can't do it, Jack.
I just can't give this house up.
Oh my God, you never
had any intention
of selling this place.
Did you?
(door slamming)
(somber music)
(sighing)
(phone ringing)
(spoon clinking)
What's this?
I made a quick cash
sale on my London house.
It was worth a lot.
Enough to buy you out
of your share in Italy.
Buy your gallery back.
(sighing)
Why did you never come?
Ruth told me you
didn't want me to.
She said I'd be pressure
you didn't need.
(scoffing)
Where are you gonna live?
Italy, I think.
I'm going to host painting
holidays, would you believe?
Kate's idea, actually.
Already got a bit of free
advertising on my app.
You only have 12 followers.
Don't knock it.
You know who else
had 12 followers?
(Jack laughing)
Al Notti!
(somber music)
(hopeful music)
That's great.
And then if we can
add some here as well.
Yeah that's fine.
Now, however.
Sorry, just one moment.
Ruth.
I have something for you.
Look, even if you
did win the lottery,
we're not selling anymore.
No, I'm serious, I
won't accept any offer.
You'll accept this.
I should have signed
it a long time ago.
Good luck with everything.
(uplifting music)
(birds chirping)
Try for a touch more
contrast there, Susan.
Maybe the banana wants to be
a little less green?
I was aiming for
a jungly malaise.
Excellent artistic intention.
Oh.
I was inspired by your wall.
But I thought you,
It's grown on me.
Excuse me for a moment.
It turns out it was
never about the money.
But I want a father.
(birds chirping)
Why didn't you call me?
I came to see you.
You were with your husband and
you looked together.
He's the father of my daughter.
I have to keep the peace.
Okay well,
what do we do now?
We start again.
From the beginning.
You go.
Oh you mean now?
Mhmm.
Okay, I'm Jack.
Hi, Natalia, nice to meet you.
I'm a hundred percent single.
This is great news.
I have no job.
This is terrible news,
goodbye. (laughing)
Okay, your turn.
Oh.
(sighing)
Great mother.
That girl is my heart.
I know.
I painted her about a
thousand different ways
and barely scratched
the surface.
This one's not bad.
I'd put it on the main wall.
Which main wall?
Kate's showing me a gallery
space in town tomorrow.
I'm thinking of this
artist called Robert Foster
for my first exhibition.
You know him?
Uh huh.
That guy?
Very rare to see any
of his later work.
Although I hear he's
quite busy again.
I heard that whisper.
(light music)
(singing in foreign language)
(light-hearted music)
(light music)